Allow specifying sigma in LinearMixedModel (#551)
JuliaStats/MixedModels.jl: NEWS.md

MixedModels v4.1.0 Release Notes
========================
* Add support for specifying a fixed value of `σ`, the residual standard deviation,
  in `LinearMixedModel`. `fit` takes a keyword-argument `σ`. For models constructed

>   separately, `σ` can be specified by setting the corresponding field in the `optsum`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  separately, `σ` can be specified by setting `optsum.sigma`. [#551]
```
The field is called `optsum.sigma` below and the phrasing used here might be interpreted as `optsum.σ`.
